Watch my kid
Hey thanks for cleaning the kitchen
Owie help I grabbed a fork and stabbed a socket
Vincent your kid is electrocuted
Ugh again okay thanks for telling me
Hey wtf my kid is electrocuted why didint u tell me
Sorry lmao
I dont wanna see you again
Help I am being bullied
lmao get gud
Thanks wassup I'm Vincent
Thanks for nothing wassup I'm Vincent
Wassup sexy you wanna head upstairs?
Uhhhh morel help me
Thanks lets go home
Dude wtf I needed your help
Whatever lets just leave
Man you kinda suck
That's it we're not friends
Okay whatever
Thanks, lets go home
So uhhhh you single???
okay where's your bestie
Dang what a ride
Okay who's here?
Ruby
Vincent
[s.name!q]
...
...oh...
Nobody is here lmao
Do you regret the way you lived your life?
K
K
And then I died the end
How are you feeling?
My sister, my best friend, my partner. Is there anyone I can call?
Adult
Dad is a man whore
Can you not
Can YOU not
Die alone lmao
And I never saw her again
Die alone lmao
And I never saw her again
Ugh see you on your deathbed
Sorry ily
ily too, see you when you die
I wake to the sun shining through the window.
My side is blue, and hers is pink. Sometimes we switch sides because my sister likes blue more than pink, and pink is close enough to red for me.
Our room, shared by two kids, could be messy if we let it. But our dad is a compulsive neat freak who gets disproportionally furious whenever things in his house aren’t perfectly clean. Even as an eight year-old, I knew that his expectations were far too high.
My eyes shift to Ruby, my sister. She’s in her bed. Her tongue is sticking out in frustration as she struggles to capture whatever art piece she has in her head.
She huffs and mutters a curse under her breath. She pulls her paper up to the wall to bear down on.
After a couple quiet moments of her inking, she pulls the paper down to admire her handiwork.
Left behind on the wall is a clear residue of where the ink bled through. It’s not the biggest spot ever, but it is noticeable, and it is permanent.
Oh shoot.
She seems to realize at the same time I do
She immediately whirls around to see if I’m awake--I am.
Morel.
I flush a little, feeling caught in some act.
Don’t tell Dad, please? I’ll do anything you want.
I hesitate. I know how he’ll react. And to make it worse, Ruby had already gotten detention a couple days earlier for drawing during class.
As if summoned by our fear, our dad opens the door.
What happened here?
Ruby was drawing and got ink on the wall...
Dad rips up her drawing and leaves.
Her eyes are filled with uncharacteristic tears, briefly shattering the tough persona she’s been creating over the past year.
I’m really sorry, Ruby...
Ruby shrugs.
Whatever. It’s my fault for drawing in this house in the first place.
Despite her tough words, her voice is shaking.
I don’t say anything.
Oh, um...I think that was leftover from when Morel stayed on my side for the night.
My mouth falls open. Shock and betrayal course through me as my dad’s narrowed gaze shifts to me.
Behind him, Ruby shrugs and mouths 'sorry.'
Last time I do her a favor.
What did I tell you two about switching sides?
Thanks, bro! I owe you one.
I don’t respond.
You can have my dessert tonight.
I scowl.
Fineeeee, you can have it all week. Just don’t be mad, okay? I panicked.
Free dessert all week...my anger fades, replaced by blissful longing at an almost alarming speed. I guess I didn’t get into that much trouble. Not as much as Ruby might’ve gotten in, anyway.
Ruby sees my expression change, and she smiles with me and sticks out her hand.
We got a deal?
I take her hand, and we shake.
Deal!
I need a ride
No lol
Okay I'll give you a ride
I'm thirsty
You wrecked the car dummy
Dude wtf you stole my car
I was gonna propose
I'm gonna propose
omg yes lets get married ily
...okay
You wanna cheat?
Oh dang I was cheating too lmao
Oh dang this is an unhealthy relationship
I can't believe you cheated on me you suck goodbye
No thank you not today
You kinda aren't a good husband so I cheated sowwyyyyyy
Ok wanna stay friends?
Ok bye see you around
Fair enough see you never
Hey baby wanna have a baby?
Okay lets make a baby
Okay no babies for us
I met my future parter in high school
Hey get ready to get flirted on
Uh ok
Haha you're sweet
Uhhhhh....thanks?
